338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_selfhosted_cta.md

<Highlight type="cloud" header="Want to skip these steps?" button="Try for free">

> Deploy a Tiger Cloud service. We tune your database for performance and handle scalability, high availability, backups and management so you can relax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy a $SERVICE_LONG. We tune your database for performance and handle scalability, high availability, backups and management so you can relax.
```
